Aquaman
Is the old sister unspoken by this sea king?
No, no one can hurt my sister
You don't speak
No one cares about you as a mute
I have something to do, I'll go first
Right
There is a particularly important meeting tonight
You go with me
I'm on vacation.
And my brother is in danger with Velia today
I have to stay with him
Annual leave cancelled
I'm waiting for me in the car.
Sister, your boss doesn't look like a good person.
You'd better stay away from him
shut up
Thank you for helping me send you a big cake
I'm begging you, villain
Here we go again. I don't want your thanks.
I just want you to remember
I'm your best friend
You are my most
Irreplaceable people eat chicken
Go slowly
Hey, why is your belly so big?
You're not pregnant, are you?
You be careful
Cat hands cat feet
You go check it out
Four months ago, Shen Wanci was in shock
Joanne has never been to the hospital either
Sister, your cup
My sister has two feet
Still brothers
I didn't mess with you today, why are you doing this?
Find me directly if you have anything in the future
Don't look for another player
Don't take my words for granted
Do you hear me?